Rationale improvement (#3)
rmrk-team/NestingEIP: README.md

    /**
     * @notice Used to retrieve the *root* owner of a given token.

>      * @dev The *root* owner of the token is the highest owner on the hierarchy which is not an NFT.
>      *  If the token is owned by another NFT, it MUST recursively look up the parent's root owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * @dev The *root* owner of the token is the top-level owner in the hierarchy which is not an NFT.
     * @dev If the token is owned by another NFT, it MUST recursively look up the parent's root owner.
```

     *
     * - `parentId` MUST exist
     * @param parentId ID of the parent token for which to reject all of the pending tokens
     */
    function rejectAllChildren(uint256 parentId) external;

    /**
     * @notice Used to transfer a child token from a given parent token.
     * @dev MUST remove the child from the parent's active or pending children.
     * @dev When transferring a child token, the owner of the token MUST be set to `to`, or not updated in the event of `to`
     *  being the `0x0` address.
     * @param tokenId ID of the parent token from which the child token is being transferred
     * @param to Address to which to transfer the token to
     * @param destinationId ID of the token to receive this child token (MUST be 0 if the destination is not a token)
     * @param childIndex Index of a token we are transferring, in the array it belongs to (can be either active array or
     *  pending array)

>      * @param childAddress Address of the child token's collection smart contract.
>      * @param childId ID of the child token in its own collection smart contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * @param childAddress Address of the child token's collection smart contract
     * @param childId ID of the child token in its own collection smart contract
```

This interface allows for tokens to both be sent to and receive other tokens. The propose-accept and parent governed patterns allow for a more secure use. The backward compatibility is only added for ERC721, allowing for a simpler interface.

### Propose-Commit pattern for child token management

Adding child tokens to a parent token MUST be done in the form of propose-commit pattern to allow for limited mutability by a 3rd party. When adding a child token to a parent token, it is first placed in a *"Pending"* array, and MUST be migrated to the *"Active"* array by the parent token's root owner. The *"Pending"* child tokens array SHOULD be limited to 128 slots to prevent spam and griefing.

The limitation that only the root owner can accept the child tokens also introduces a trust inherent to the proposal. This ensures that the root owner of the token has full control over the token. No one can force the user to accept a child if they don't want to.

### Parent Governed pattern

The parent NFT of a nested token and the parent's root owner are in all aspects the true owners of it. Once you send a token to another one you give up ownership.

> We continue to use ERC721's `ownerOf` functionality which will now recursively look up through parents until it finds an address which is not an NFT, this is referred to as root owner. Additionally we provide the `directOwnerOf` which returns the most immediate owner of a token using 3 values: the owner address, the tokenId which must be 0 if owner is not an NFT, and a flag indicating whether or not the parent is an NFT.

Reviewer: I'd just emphasise `root owner` a bit:

```suggestion
We continue to use ERC721's `ownerOf` functionality which will now recursively look up through parents until it finds an address which is not an NFT, this is referred to as the *root owner*. Additionally we provide the `directOwnerOf` which returns the most immediate owner of a token using 3 values: the owner address, the tokenId which MUST be 0 if the direct owner is not an NFT, and a flag indicating whether or not the parent is an NFT.
```

The root owner or an approved party MUST be able do the following operations on children: `acceptChild`, `rejectAllChildren` and `transferChild`.

> The root owner or an approved party MUST also be allowed to do these opoerations only when token is not owned by an NFT: `transferFrom`, `safeTransferFrom`, `nestTransferFrom`, `burn`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The root owner or an approved party MUST also be allowed to do these operations only when token is not owned by an NFT: `transferFrom`, `safeTransferFrom`, `nestTransferFrom`, `burn`.
```

> If the token is owned by an NFT, only the parent NFT itself MUST be allowed to. Transfers MUST be done from the parent by using `transferChild`, this method in turn SHOULD call `nestTransferFrom` or `safeTransferFrom` on the child, according to whether the destination is an NFT or not. For burning, tokens must first be transferred to an EOA and then burned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If the token is owned by an NFT, only the parent NFT itself MUST be allowed to execute the operations listed above. Transfers MUST be done from the parent token, using `transferChild`, this method in turn SHOULD call `nestTransferFrom` or `safeTransferFrom` in the child token's smart contract, according to whether the destination is an NFT or not. For burning, tokens must first be transferred to an EOA and then burned.
```

> We add this restriction to prevent inconsistencies on parent contracts, since only the `transferChild` method takes care of removing the child from the parent when it is being transferred out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We add this restriction to prevent inconsistencies on parent contracts, since only the `transferChild` method takes care of removing the child from the parent when it is being transferred out of it.
```
